//Station Map Analysis
//Data Sources: csv containing data and summary data for all stations, csv containing data and summary data for all 
stations just as start stations, csv containing data and summary data for all stations just as stop stations

While constructing my station maps I noticed two distinct trends. The first, rather obvious trend is the steady increase in 
activity over time. The second is the seasonal usage, visible as a constant swelling and shrinking in activity with 
a consistent pattern even as overall usage increased over time. Ridership peaks in the summer months, declines through
Fall, reaches a low during Winter, and begins increasing again in the Spring. This is perfectly congruent with outdoor
weather conditions in a region with strongly typed seasons. I believe it is worth noting that this pattern is documented
and can be relied upon. I have included a map of station popularity over time, as well as maps of start station and end 
station popularity over time to suit all purposes.



//Phenommenon 1: Seasonal Weekly Usage Analysis
//Data Sources: csv containing all data for all stations during the first and last Summers of the recorded data period,
csv containing all data for all stations during the first and last Winters of the recorded data period

I analyzed seasonal weekly usage patterns, and found that during both Summer and Winter weekday usage exceeds weekend 
usage. This in and of itself is due to the greater count of weekdays than weekends, as I found when I looked at the 
breakdown of usage by day. I found a pattern masked by the lump comparisons. Peak or near peak daily usage occurs 
more frequently on weekdays during the Winter, and more frequently on weekends during the Summer. The difference 
between the two is not absolute but is marked. I have included a dashboard comparing the overall weekly usage patterns,
by month and year and a dashboard comparing average daily usage patterns by week for both month and year both for Summer
and for Winter. 



//Phenomenon 2: Bad Birth Year Data Analysis
////Data Sources: csv containing all data for all stations during the first and last Summers of the recorded data period,
csv containing all data for all stations during the first and last Winters of the recorded data period

I found some bad data in the birth year field, and analyzed its significance using the Summer and Winter datasets 
independently. I made one assumption: data indicating a rider was 100 years old or older I considered bad data. 
Partitioning the data this way let me analyze what portion of the data points were bad, and what portion of the data 
values were bad. I found that over time the number of bad data points (birth year labels) as a portion of all data points
increased, but the portion of overall bad data values decreased significantly. This is probably the combination of better
reporting improving the actual data and greater volume of ridership widening the spread of data points over time. I have 
included a dashboard each for Summer and Winter containing two charts. The pie charts show the portion of bad data points
within total data points, and are sized according to proportion of bad data points to good for the indicated time period.
The second shows bubbles indicating with size how large 
